Refactored chat.py to use ChainedTokenCredential (#194)
Azure-Samples/openai-chat-app-quickstart: README.md

## Development server

> In order to run this app, you need to have an Azure OpenAI account deployed (from the [deploying steps](#deploying)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Assuming you've run the steps in [Opening the project](#opening-the-project) and the steps in [Deploying](#deploying), you can now run the Quart app in your development environment:
```

    azd env get-value AZURE_OPENAI_ENDPOINT
    ```

> Assuming you've run the steps in [Opening the project](#opening-the-project) and the steps in [Deploying](#deploying), you can now run the Quart app in your development environment:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Run the development server:
```

> ```shell

Reviewer: And then indent these next lines to be under the step. I think this is how it was originally.

    azd env get-value AZURE_OPENAI_ENDPOINT
    ```

> ## Development server

Author: Done
